the hardest part of becoming independent
is leaving whom the emperor penguin
chicks are about to take the biggest
step in their young lives left alone by
their once doting parents they must
leave their icy birthplace and make
their way to see every test they face
whose skills they'll need later in life
but one challenge stops them in our
tracks
a giant petrel they try to flee but
running isn't an emperor strongpoint a
slip is all the petrel needs
[Music]
the chick is grabbed by his neck
feathers but the diamond just falls away
they form a defensive circle and prepare
to stand their ground
despite their check light appearance
they are close to a meter tall quite a
size even for a giant petrel the chick
towers to fool height protecting those
behind his defiance buys time it's a
standoff then as if from nowhere a
nedeli the feistiest penguin in the
world he fearlessly puts himself between
the chicks and the petrol even petrels
don't mess with the delis
the plucky rescuer accompanies the
chicks to the sea emperor cam is there
to see them on their way but entering
the water is a daunting prospect having
an adult around must be reassuring even
if it is a spy the Adelie seems to be
waiting for something to another penguin
cam is also ready to see them go instead
other penguins start to arrive
[Music]
Maura Daly's the rescuer was just the
front-runner
[Music]
you